# Puzzles

## Security Override Puzzle

The hybrids must access a security room to disable automated turrets that patrol
a key area. The room has a locked terminal with a puzzle involving rotating
dials to match specific configurations (e.g., turning dials to form the symbol
of the Minotaur cult, or codes based on cyborg serial numbers). As the puzzle is
solved, it weakens the prison's security system, letting the party progress. (a
security percentage would be cool)

## Biometric Access

The party needs to bypass a biometric scanner that only recognizes pure human
subjects. A puzzle could involve using parts from fallen cult members or
hybrids, combining them in different ways to create a new identity or override
code.
The puzzle could involve finding certain body parts (e.g., eyes, fingers)
scattered throughout the prison and assembling them to gain access.

## Cyborg Mind Control

A large part of the prison's control mechanism could be manipulating the
hybrids' mental states. Players must solve a puzzle by interacting with
terminals scattered throughout the prison to gradually restore the hybrids'
sense of self.
Each terminal offers fragments of a story or code, and the player must piece
together the correct sequence of symbols to reverse the mind control.

## Power Grid Management

A puzzle that requires players to restore power to specific areas of the prison,
involving the manipulation of a grid system. The grid might have segments that
represent different prison areas, and players will need to connect certain
points while avoiding overloading circuits. Power management could open locked
doors or activate elevators.

## Minotaur’s Labyrinth at the temple

A physical maze is part of the prison designed by the Cult of the Minotaur.
Players would need to navigate through shifting walls, creating pathways by
solving riddles or moving large objects.
The labyrinth could change after every encounter, creating a dynamic challenge.
The puzzles within it could be environmental, such as requiring players to
solve riddles or push blocks in specific patterns.

# Quests

## Escape the Torture Chamber

Early in the game, the hybrids are part of a larger group imprisoned for human
purity trials. One of the quests could involve saving fellow prisoners from a
torture chamber by finding a way to disable or override the torture device. The
player must find clues scattered around the prison to figure out how to disable
the machinery and avoid the Cult of the Minotaur’s guards. This is there PLAIN
and SURE could be found.

## Rebel Leader’s Request

There’s a resistance leader imprisoned in the same facility who has been working
on a plan to overthrow the cult. The hybrids are tasked with retrieving a
crucial data chip hidden deep within the prison, containing information that
could expose the cult's true goals. To get it, players must complete
increasingly difficult side quests to sabotage the prison's defenses, recruit
allies, and avoid detection.

## Cultist Infiltration

The hybrids need to infiltrate the cult's ranks. This could involve a series of
quests to acquire a special outfit or identity that will allow them to pass
undetected. Along the way, they uncover disturbing truths about the cult's
practices (the lab), leading them to confront cultists who question their own
beliefs.

## The Defector

One of the cult’s high-ranking members has a change of heart and offers to help
the hybrids escape. However, the player must gather evidence of the cult’s
crimes to gain their trust. This involves exploring hidden parts of the prison
and obtaining forbidden documents while dealing with the threat of betrayal.

## Trial of Purity

The cult of the Minotaur runs a disturbing annual "Trial of Purity" in which
prisoners are subjected to mind and body tests. The hybrids have to break the
rules of this trial to prove they are more than human and escape. This could
involve performing acts of rebellion during the trial, solving riddles presented
by the cultists, or sabotaging trial equipment.
