# Heroes especials

## Neural Hacking

(Utility)

### Description

One of the hybrids can interface directly with machines or the prison’s security systems, hacking into them to disable
traps, open locked doors, or even control enemy drones temporarily.

### Effect Disables traps or environmental hazards, disables enemy surveillance drones or turrets, or unlocks hidden rooms. Can also lower the difficulty of certain puzzles by hacking terminals or security gates.

### Cooldown

2 turns (due to the complexity of hacking).

## Overclocked Reflexes

(Buff)

### Description

This cyborg temporarily boosts their own reflexes, enhancing speed and reaction time. This could be linked to their
combat programming or advanced sensors.

### Effect

Increases evasion and action speed for a few turns, allowing the cyborg to dodge attacks more effectively and act faster
than other party members.

### Cooldown

3 turns.

## EMP Pulse

(Debuff)

### Description

One cyborg emits a powerful EMP blast from their body, short-circuiting enemy machinery, including robots and other
hybrids.

### Effect

Temporarily disables or weakens enemy mechanical enemies (robots, drones, hybrids). It may lower their attack or defense
stats or completely disable their abilities for a few turns.

### Cooldown

4 turns.

## Regenerative Nano-Repair

(Healing)

### Description

One of the hybrids uses a set of nanobots embedded in their body to repair damage and heal themselves or an ally.

### Effect

Heals a target’s health, restoring a percentage of HP. This could also function as an AoE (area-of-effect) ability if
the cyborg is heavily damaged and uses the nano-repair system to heal all nearby allies.

### Cooldown

5 turns.

## Tactical Augment

(Buff/Debuff)

### Description

This cyborg has an advanced tactical processor that scans enemies' weaknesses in real-time, providing enhanced
strategies in battle.

### Effect

Increases damage for all attacks against a specific enemy by revealing their weak points. Alternatively, it can reduce
the target’s defense or attack power for a short period.

### Cooldown

3 turns.

## Plasma Blade

(Melee Attack)

### Description

One of the hybrids has a plasma-based weapon embedded in their arm or hand, which can be activated to slice through
enemies with extreme heat and precision.

### Effect

Deals heavy single-target damage, with a chance to burn the enemy over multiple turns. This attack may also have a high
critical hit chance, depending on the cyborg’s physical capabilities.

### Cooldown

3 turns.

## Pulse Shield

(Defensive)

### Description

One cyborg generates a temporary energy shield that absorbs a portion of incoming damage. This shield is made of an
energy field created by their internal power sources.

### Effect

Absorbs a set amount of damage from all incoming attacks for a limited number of turns or until the shield is destroyed.
It could also protect against status effects (like poison or shock) for the duration.

### Cooldown

4 turns.

## Cloaking Device

(Stealth)

### Description

The cyborg uses a cloaking device to temporarily become invisible to enemies, allowing them to avoid attacks or set up
ambushes.

### Effect

The cyborg becomes invisible for a few turns, avoiding attacks from enemies and gaining an opportunity to set up a
powerful attack or reposition strategically.

### Cooldown

5 turns.

## Overdrive

(Offensive)

### Description

The cyborg channels the full capacity of their cybernetic enhancements, going into an "overdrive" mode that maximizes
their strength, speed, and power for a short time.

### Effect

Temporarily boosts attack and speed significantly. This ability can lead to multiple consecutive attacks (a flurry of
strikes), or increase damage dealt by a large amount for a few turns.

### Cooldown

6 turns.

## Magnetic Field

(Control)

### Description

A cyborg with magnetically charged augmentations can manipulate metal objects and enemies equipped with metal
components, pulling them in or pushing them away.

### Effect

Pulls enemies toward the cyborg, dealing damage as they crash into the character. Alternatively, it can push enemies
away, knocking them back to a safe distance and dealing some damage.

### Cooldown

4 turns.

## Biofeedback

(Support)

### Description

This cyborg uses bioelectric feedback to boost the morale and mental focus of the party, improving their abilities and
reducing fear or confusion.

### Effect

Boosts the entire party’s attack power or critical hit chance for several turns. This ability can also remove negative
status effects like fear or confusion from the party.

### Cooldown

5 turns.

## Thermal Vision

(Utility)

### Description

A cyborg with specialized vision implants can see heat signatures, revealing hidden enemies, traps, or weak points in
the environment.

### Effect

Reveals hidden or invisible enemies, traps, or interactive objects in the environment (like weak walls or secret doors).
It can also help the party identify enemy weak points during combat.

### Cooldown

2 turns.

## Frenzy

(Ultimate)

### Description

The cyborg enters a berserk state, where their cybernetic systems push them to their physical and mental limits,
allowing them to unleash a devastating attack that targets multiple enemies at once.

### Effect

A high-damage, multi-target AoE (area-of-effect) attack, where the cyborg uses enhanced strength, speed, and precision
to deal heavy damage to all enemies within range. The attack may leave enemies temporarily stunned or dazed.

### Cooldown

7 turns (due to the high risk involved in using this ability).

## Reprogramming

(Debuff)

### Description

A cyborg with advanced programming skills can reprogram enemy machines or hybrids, turning them against their allies.

### Effect

Temporarily takes control of an enemy cyborg or robot, turning them into an ally for a short time. This ability can be
used to target high-priority enemies or to gain an advantage by using the enemy's own abilities against them.

### Cooldown

6 turns.

## Shockwave

(Area Control)

### Description

One cyborg can generate a shockwave from their limbs, disrupting the environment and enemies nearby. This ability uses
stored electrical power within their body to create a sudden burst of force.

### Effect

Deals area damage and stuns enemies for a turn, making them unable to act or move. It can also knock down enemies that
are weak to physical disruption.

### Cooldown

4 turns.

# Foes specials

## Bio-luminescent Fish

### Glow Swarm

Summons additional fish, overwhelming the party with sheer numbers and creating a damage-over-time effect
if left unchecked.

### Blinding Flash

Emits a bright light that reduces the accuracy of all party members for several turns.

## Giant Jellyfish

### Electric Pulse

Releases an area-wide electric shock, stunning all nearby party members for one turn.

### Sticky Tendrils

Restrains a single character, preventing them from acting until freed by another party member or after a few turns.

## Mutant Sharks

### Blood Frenzy

Gains increased damage when any party member is below half health.

### Chomp & Shred

Deals heavy damage and applies a "Bleed" status effect that causes health loss over time.

## Spore-Shooting Squids

### Toxic Cloud

Releases a spore cloud that poisons all characters, dealing damage over time.

### Ink Trap

Reduces visibility in the current area, decreasing the party’s accuracy until the environment is cleared.

## Cyber-Rats

### Pack Tactics

Gains bonus damage for each additional cyber-rat present in combat.

### Short-Circuit Bite

Targets a cyborg party member, temporarily disabling their special abilities.

## Sentient Pigs/Cattle

### Stampede

Charges at the entire party, dealing moderate damage to all members.

### Despair Roar

Reduces the party’s morale, lowering damage output for several turns.

## Mutant Birds

### Dive Bomb

A single, high-damage attack on one party member that can ignore armor.

### Feather Storm

Creates a whirlwind of razor-sharp feathers, damaging all party members slightly over multiple turns.

## Giant Scorpions/Spiders

### Venomous Sting

Inflicts "Poison" status, causing health to drain slowly over time.

### Web Trap

Immobilizes one character, forcing others to free them or leave them vulnerable.

## Cyborg Dogs

### Target Lock

Marks a single party member, increasing damage dealt to them by all enemies.

### EMP Howl

Temporarily disables cyborg-specific abilities for several turns.

## Shifting Amorphous Creatures

### Adaptive Defense

Changes resistances mid-combat, forcing the party to vary their attacks.

### Consume Essence

Absorbs buffs from a party member and applies them to itself.

## Giant Worms

### Earthquake

Causes the battlefield to shift, damaging all party members and potentially rearranging the turn order.

### Burrow Strike

Disappears underground, avoiding attacks for a turn before surfacing to deal heavy damage.

## Energy-Absorbing Jelly

### Power Leech

Drains energy from party members to heal itself.

### Split Form

Divides into smaller versions of itself when damaged, forcing the player to deal with multiple weaker enemies.

## Rogue Hybrids

### Data Corruption

Causes glitches in a cyborg party member’s abilities, randomizing their actions for a turn.

### Reboot Shield

Gains temporary invulnerability while rebooting systems, but cannot attack during this time.

## Cult Guards

### Purity Strike

Deals extra damage to cyborgs, playing into the cult’s ideology.

### Call Reinforcements

Summons additional guards to extend the fight.

## Cult Priests

### Faith Barrier

Reduces all damage to allies for several turns.

### Mind Command

Forces a party member to attack their allies for a turn.

## Elite Cultists

### Sanctified Flames

A holy fire attack that burns all party members, dealing damage over time.

### Exorcism Blast

Deals high damage to cyborgs and removes their buffs.

## Minotaur Cult Leader

### Bull Charge

Deals devastating damage to a single party member and stuns them.

### Purity Wave

Strips all buffs from the party and applies a "Weaken" status, lowering their stats for several turns.

### Sacrificial Call

Summons waves of cultists or possessed animals to aid in battle.
They explode after 2 turns.

## Experimental Bio-Weapon

### Regeneration Burst

Heals a large portion of health when brought below 50%, prolonging the fight.

### Mutation Surge

Gains a random elemental resistance or weakness mid-battle, forcing the player to adapt their strategy.
