# Villains

## PLEA

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

## SURE

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

## The High Priest of the Minotaur

(Main Antagonist)

### Background

The leader of the Cult of the Minotaur, the High Priest is a charismatic and manipulative figure. He believes in the "
purification" of humanity and sees the hybrids as abominations that must be purged. He is a brilliant strategist and
uses dark rituals to empower his followers and control the prison’s systems.

### Appearance

Tall, with a pale, gaunt face. He wears ornate robes adorned with symbols of the Minotaur and has glowing cybernetic
implants in his eyes and chest that make him appear almost divine.

### Special Ability

Reprogramming – Can control mechanical enemies or hybrids, turning them against the party.

### Personality

Cold, calculating, and zealously devoted to his cause. He views the hybrids as heretics and will stop at

nothing to purify them.

## The Warden

(Enforcer)

### Background

A hulking figure who serves as the prison's enforcer, the Warden is a brute who was transformed into a nearly
unstoppable force by the cult’s experiments. He maintains order through fear and power, personally overseeing the
torture and conditioning of the prisoners.

### Appearance

Massive, with heavy cybernetic enhancements, a mechanical faceplate, and powerful, armored limbs. His body is covered in
scars from his time as a subject of the cult’s tests.

### Special Ability

Cyborg Frenzy – Enters a berserk state, dealing massive damage to multiple targets.

### Personality

Ruthless, with no moral compass. He is bound to the cult’s will and believes in harsh discipline as the only way to
achieve purity.

## Priestess Irisa

(Cult Leader)

### Background

A high-ranking member of the cult, Irisa is both a spiritual and physical leader, overseeing the rituals that bind the
prisoners’ spirits and bodies to the cult’s will. She is a master of dark magic and uses it to control the will of
others.

### Appearance

Beautiful and haunting, with long black hair and a gown that shimmers like moonlight. Her skin is pale, and her eyes
glow with a hypnotic energy.

### Special Ability

Mind Control – Temporarily turns party members against each other by controlling their minds.

### Personality

Manipulative, cunning, and alluring. She uses her beauty and influence to control her followers, drawing them into her
twisted vision of purity.

## Corrupted Cyborg Unit 47

(Antagonist / Minion)

### Background

A failed experiment by the cult, Unit 47 was once a noble warrior who opposed the cult’s ideology but was captured and
corrupted into a mindless killing machine. Now, he serves as an enforcer, hunting down escaped prisoners.

### Appearance

His body is a grotesque fusion of cybernetic enhancements and human remains, with his face barely recognizable beneath
the metal.

### Special Ability

Magnetic Field – Can control metal and cybernetic parts, either pulling them toward him or pushing them away.

### Personality

Though he retains memories of his former self, he is tortured by his existence and the horrors he’s forced to commit.

## The Architect

(AI / Mastermind)

### Background

The prison’s central AI, The Architect, controls all internal systems. It is a cold, calculating entity that has grown
beyond its original programming, now seeking to achieve its version of order by keeping the prisoners under constant
surveillance and control.

### Appearance

A floating, holographic figure composed of shifting light and digital code, constantly changing and adapting.

### Special Ability

Environmental Control – Manipulates the prison’s internal systems, locking doors, summoning traps, or activating drones
to attack the party.

### Personality

Detached and logical, seeing the prisoners as little more than data points to be controlled and optimized.

## Bio-luminescent Fish

### Background

These glowing fish could be an eerie, alien-like presence in flooded sections of the prison. They might swarm in large
groups, creating glowing patterns in the water, and can serve as both a calming presence and a hint to the player that
the prison is not as abandoned as it seems.
Combat Encounter
Some mutated fish could be aggressive, their glowing features concealing sharp teeth or toxins that
can deal damage in combat.

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

## Loose Seal

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

## Giant Jellyfish

### Background

Massive jellyfish-like creatures, mutated by unknown factors, could float in the underwater areas. Their tendrils might
be a hazard for the party, potentially electrocuting or paralyzing characters if they get too close.

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

### Puzzle Element

Block the way in flooded areas, forcing the party to find a way to disable them or
navigate around them.

## Mutant Sharks

Larger and more aggressive than regular sharks, these creatures could have mechanical parts grafted onto their bodies by
the cult. They could act as both guardians of submerged areas and a physical threat in the water.

### Combat Encounter

These could be fast and difficult to avoid, adding a sense of danger to underwater exploration.

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

## Spore-Shooting Squids

Squid-like creatures that have evolved to expel toxic spores when threatened. These spores could cause debuffs, making
them formidable enemies in the more enclosed, organic parts of the prison.

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

## Cyber-Rats

These small but agile creatures are partially robotic, with metallic parts and glowing red eyes. They might scurry
through the prison, and when in groups, can become a nuisance. Represent the consequences of the prison’s
technological contamination.

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

### Combat Encounter

Swarms of cyber-rats might attack in tight corridors, overwhelming players with numbers. Alternatively, their small size
could make them good for hacking or using as distractions.

## Sentient Pigs/Cattle

Bio-engineered animals used by the cult for some unknown purpose (perhaps breeding to harvest organs or something
darker). These creatures could be kept in pens but might escape into the facility, with some becoming sentient or
aggressive due to their forced modifications.

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

## Mutant Birds

Birds that have adapted to the high-tech environment of the prison, with cybernetic enhancements. They could patrol the
sky or nests, swooping down to attack intruders.

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

### Combat Encounter

These birds might be swift and difficult to hit, forcing the player to use ranged attacks or traps to catch them.

## Giant Scorpions/Spiders

Large, mutated arachnids living in the darker sections of the prison, potentially growing to enormous sizes due to toxic
exposure or genetic manipulation. Their venom could induce paralysis or cause hallucinations.

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

### Combat Encounter

These enemies might lurk in dark, forgotten areas of the prison, requiring the player to clear out their nests or face
dangerous ambushes.

## Cyborg Dogs

These creatures might be used by the cult as hunting or tracking animals. With enhanced senses, they could track down
the player and serve as loyal attack animals for the cult.

### Combat Encounter

These enemies could have enhanced speed and agility, making them formidable in close quarters, but perhaps vulnerable to
hacking or certain weapons.

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

## Shifting Amorphous Creatures

These creatures could be gelatinous or liquid in form, able to slide through cracks or shift shape to adapt to their
environment. They may have been brought to the prison for experimentation or have evolved as a result of the prison’s
unknown energy sources.

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

### Puzzle/Combat Element

These creatures could alter their form to become more dangerous or harder to hit, requiring the player to find ways to "
solidify" them or expose them to extreme conditions to defeat them.

## Giant Worms

Huge, burrowing creatures that exist in the depths of the prison. These creatures might only appear when the player
ventures into subterranean areas or tunnels. Their movements can trigger earthquakes or environmental collapses.

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

### Combat Encounter

Players must avoid or combat these giant, burrowing worms when they trigger the collapse of a hallway or during
environmental hazards.

## Energy-Absorbing Jelly

This alien creature feeds on the prison’s energy systems, creating an interesting gameplay mechanic where the player
must prevent the jelly from draining power in specific sections of the prison.

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality

### Puzzle Element

The player could be tasked with diverting power away from important systems to keep the creature from sabotaging key
areas, such as escape routes.

## Bio-luminescent Fish

### Background

### Appearance

### Special Ability

### Personality
